First, introduce yourself to the class. Include your major and anything you would like to share about yourself. Then address the prompt below.

Use the link in the Jupyter Notebook activity to access your Python script. Once you have made your calculations, complete this discussion. The script will output answers to the questions given below. You must attach your Python script output as an HTML file and respond to the questions below.

For this discussion, you will collect data from a public source and calculate descriptive statistics, including measures of central tendency and variability. You will then interpret the results and provide feedback to your peers.

In your initial post, use the World Temperatures website (or a similar website of your choice) to find the daily maximum temperature data rounded to the nearest integer (whole number) in your city or zip code for the past fourteen days. You will use this data set to calculate measures of central tendency and variability. You will also provide a detailed analysis based on your results.

In your initial post, address the following items:

Share your data set. See Step 1 in the Python script.
What were your descriptive statistics for this data set? Report the mean, median, variance, and standard deviation. Based on these statistics, what can you say about the distribution of daily maximum temperature in your city or zip code? Use all of the statistics that you calculated to explain the distribution in detail. See Step 2 in the Python script.
Which graph showed the general trend of daily maximum temperature in your city or zip code? See Step 3 in the Python script.
In general, how are the measures of central tendency and variability used to analyze a data distribution?
The Python script also provides you with temperature data for a city called Zion. Which graph showed the difference in the distribution of your data and Zion's data? What can you say about the differences in data distributions? See Step 4 in the Python script.
Your graphs will not show up in your html document when attached to your discussion board post. Please embed them in your posts by right clicking on the graph while in your Python script, select "save image as", save it and then attach to your discussion board post using the camera icon in the menu bar.
In your follow-up posts to other students, review your peers' data sets and statistics and discuss the significance of these results. Here are some questions that you should address in your follow-up posts:

How do your peers' measures of central tendency compare to yours? Are they are lower or higher? What does this signify?
How do the measures of variability compare? What does this signify?
In what ways are their data similar to or different from your own? Why are those similarities or distinctions meaningful?
Remember to attach your Python output and respond to all questions in your initial and follow-up posts. Be sure to clearly communicate your ideas using appropriate terminology. Finally, be sure to review the Discussion Rubric to understand how you will be graded on this assignment.


***POST***

Hello!

My name is Angel Davila. I am currently working as a full stack Software Engineer for Salesloft. I primarily work in web development but also have a huge interest in data and machine learning. I have a ton of experience with Python, having built multiple web application and API's at my previous company. I decided to come back to school to finally finish out my undergrad in Computer Science with the goal to continue my studies after the undergrad.

Below are the descriptive statistics from my local daily max temperature.

Mean= 42.5
Median= 39.0
Variance= 83.73
Standard Deviation= 9.15

The below line graph shows the trend downwards in the daily maximum temperature, so the cold is coming, but looking like it will start to trend upward after the 14 days. I also added a trend line to have a better visualization of the data.

Central tendency and variability are a combined distribution of your data and allows you to see the big picture of your data. Central tendency are like the hot spots of your data, it shows where most of your data points are located. In a histogram, it would be the bell curve.

The main difference I see between my my data compared to the Zion data is a larger outliers on the Zion data. You can definitely see it in he line graph I printed out after the box graph, they have a larger high and low point from center trend line than my graph. You can also see this in the box graph, the max, min and outlier are farther away from the median line compared to my data. 



How do your peers' measures of central tendency compare to yours? Are they are lower or higher? What does this signify?

How do the measures of variability compare? What does this signify?

In what ways are their data similar to or different from your own? Why are those similarities or distinctions meaningful?

